README.md, before:

# Hall of Elite - Backend

Backend API for the Hall of Elite platform.

## Latest progress

- Express server wired with CORS, cookie parsing, request logging, and error handling.
- Auth module with register/login/logout, JWT issuance, and HTTP-only cookie support.
- Trader endpoints for list and profile retrieval.
- Rewards endpoints for trader eligibility responses.
- Admin endpoints for tier and reward configurations.
- MT5 endpoints wired for accounts, trades, status, connect, and disconnect.
- Prisma schema, migrations, and seed pipeline for core trading and reward models.

## API routes (current)

- `GET /health`
- `POST /auth/register`
- `POST /auth/login`
- `POST /auth/logout`
- `GET /elite/traders`
- `GET /elite/traders/:id`
- `GET /rewards/traders/:id`
- `GET /admin/tiers`
- `GET /admin/tiers/:id`
- `GET /admin/rewards`
- `GET /mt5/accounts`
- `GET /mt5/trades/:accountId`
- `GET /mt5/status`
- `POST /mt5/connect`
- `POST /mt5/disconnect`

## Environment variables

Required:
- `DATABASE_URL`
- `JWT_SECRET` (min 32 chars)

Optional:
- `PORT` (default `6200`)
- `CORS_ORIGIN` (default `http://localhost:6100`)
- `JWT_EXPIRES_IN` (default `7d`)
- `NODE_ENV` (`development` | `production` | `test`)

## Running locally

```bash
npm install
npm run prisma:generate
npm run prisma:migrate
npm run dev
```

Commit message:

fix: resolve existing erros and ready current modules

README.md, after:

# Hall of Elite - Backend

Backend API for the Hall of Elite platform.

## Latest progress

- Express server wired with CORS, cookie parsing, request logging, and error handling.
- Auth module with register/login/logout, JWT issuance, and HTTP-only cookie support.
- Trader endpoints for list and profile retrieval.
- Rewards endpoints for trader eligibility responses.
- Admin endpoints for tier and reward configurations.
- MT5 endpoints wired for accounts, trades, status, connect, and disconnect.
- Prisma schema, migrations, and seed pipeline for core trading and reward models.

## API routes (current)

- `GET /health`
- `POST /auth/register`
- `POST /auth/login`
- `POST /auth/logout`
- `GET /elite/traders`
- `GET /elite/traders/:id`
- `GET /rewards/traders/:id`
- `GET /admin/tiers`
- `GET /admin/tiers/:id`
- `GET /admin/rewards`
- `GET /mt5/accounts`
- `GET /mt5/trades/:accountId`
- `GET /mt5/status`
- `POST /mt5/connect`
- `POST /mt5/disconnect`

## Environment variables

Required:
- `DATABASE_URL` — PostgreSQL connection string
- `JWT_SECRET` (min 32 chars)

Optional:
- `PORT` (default `6200`)
- `CORS_ORIGIN` (default `http://localhost:6100`)
- `JWT_EXPIRES_IN` (default `7d`)
- `NODE_ENV` (`development` | `production` | `test`)

### Database: local vs production

- **Local:** Use your existing local DB. Example in `.env`:  
  `DATABASE_URL=postgresql://ixbspartan@localhost:5432/capitalchain_mt5?schema=public`
- **Production:** Use the server database. On your production host, set:
  - Database: `hall_of_elite`
  - User: `hall_user`
  - Password: `Success2025`  
  Example:  
  `DATABASE_URL=postgresql://hall_user:Success2025@YOUR_SERVER_HOST:5432/hall_of_elite?schema=public`  
  Replace `YOUR_SERVER_HOST` with your PostgreSQL host (hostname or IP).  
  Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and adjust; for production, set these in your deployment platform (e.g. env vars in Vercel/Railway/server).

## Running locally

```bash
npm install
npm run prisma:generate
npm run prisma:migrate
npm run dev
```
